What? Asking to be older,
There are no villains or women in the play,
There is no one to share with each other, let alone the expensive management of Asia.
The serious problem is loess, so I bought it for the nose.
This is not like Chaoheren, helping me to be a judge,
Xiaohuangzi,
No problem, don't worry,
Thank you, Xiao Huangzi,
You are such a good person, go,
Come on, Xiao Huangzi, where is my house?
A bit drunk,
Don't dislike it, you're being polite,
It's late at night, are you willing to take me in?
I'll come down quickly and don't go,
Xiao Huangzi, this is the tenement house,
Just say it here,
What took me too long to picture? Who are you?
Why is Er Yue’s milk available at Er Yue’s place?
I met him when I first came here yesterday.
He said the town has not been peaceful lately
Just let me come and stay at his house
But it’s because of Er Yue’s milk
It's not peaceful here.
What do you mean